I'm back and I'm ringin' the bell A rockin' on the mike while the fly girls yell In ecstasy in the back of me Well that's my DJ Deshay cuttin' all them Z's Hittin' hard and the girlies goin' crazy Vanilla's on the mike, man I'm not lazy. I'm lettin' my drug kick in It controls my mouth and I begin To just let it flow, let my concepts go 
My posse's to the side yellin', Go Vanilla Go! Smooth 'cause that's the way I will be And if you don't give a damn, then Why you starin' at me So get off 'cause I control the stage 
There's no dissin' allowed I'm in my own phase / The girlies sa y they love me and that is ok And I can dance better than any kid n' play Stage 2 -- Yea the one ya' wanna listen to It's off my head so let the beat play through So I can funk it up and make it sound good 1-2-3 Yo -- Knock on some wood For good luck, I like my rhymes atrocious Supercalafragilisticexpialidocious I'm an effect and that you can bet 
I can take a fly girl and make her wet. I'm like Samson -- Samson to Delilah There's no denyin', You can try to hang But you'll keep tryin' to get my style Over and over, practice makes perfect 
But not if you're a loafer. You'll get nowhere, no place, no time, no girls Soon -- Oh my God, homebody, you probably eat Spaghetti with a spoon! / Come on and say it! VIP. Vanilla Ice yep, yep, I'm comin' hard like a rhino Intoxicating so you stagger like a wino So punks stop trying and girl stop cryin' 
Vanilla Ice is sellin' and you people are buyin' / 'Cause why the freaks are jockin' like Crazy Glue Movin' and groovin' trying to sing along All through the ghetto groovin' this here song Now you're amazed by the VIP posse. 
Steppin' so hard like a German Nazi Startled by the bases hittin' ground There's no trippin' on mine, I'm just gettin' down Sparkamatic, I'm hangin' tight like a fanatic You trapped me once and I thought that You might have it 
So step down and lend me your ear '89 in my time! You, '90 is my year. You're weakenin' fast, YO! and I can tell it Your body's gettin' hot, so, so I can smell it So don't be mad and don't be sad 'Cause the lyrics belong to ICE, You can call me Dad 
You're pitchin' a fit, so step back and endure Let the witch doctor, Ice, do the dance to cure So come up close and don't be square You wanna battle me -- Anytime, anywhere You thought that I was weak, Boy, you're dead wrong So come on, everybody / and sing this song Say -- Play that funky music Say, go white boy, go white boy go play that funky music / Go white boy, go white boy, go 
Lay down and boogie and play that funky music till you die. Rollin' in my 5.0 With my rag-top down so my hair can blow The girlies on standby waving just to say hi Did you stop? No, I just drove by
I have met them at close of day Coming with vivid faces From counter or desk among grey Eighteenth-century houses. I have passed with a nod of the head Or polite meaningless words, Or have lingered awhile and said Polite meaningless words, And thought before I had done Of a mocking tale or a gibe To please a companion Around the fire at the club, Being certain that they and I But lived where motley is worn: All changed, changed utterly: A terrible beauty is born. That woman's days were spent In ignorant good will, Her nights in argument Until her voice grew shrill. What voice more sweet than hers When young and beautiful, She rode to harriers? This man had kept a school And rode our winged horse. This other his helper and friend Was coming into his force; He might have won fame in the end, So sensitive his nature seemed, So daring and sweet his thought. This other man I had dreamed A drunken, vain-glorious lout. He had done most bitter wrong To some who are near my heart, Yet I number him in the song; He, too, has resigned his part In the casual comedy; He, too, has been changed in his turn, Transformed utterly: A terrible beauty is born. I'm rated "R"...this is a warning, ya better void PCuz I came back to attack others in spite- Strike lBut don't be afraid in the dark, in a park Not a scYa tremble like a alcoholic, muscles tighten up WhaSuddenly you feel like your in a horror flick / You gMusic's the clue, when I come your warned / ApocalypsHaven't you ever heard of a MC-murderer? This is thDeath wish, so come on, step to this Hysterical ideFriday the thirteenth, walking down Elm Street You This is off limits, so your visions are blurry All Terror in the styles, never error-files / Indeed I'm For those that oppose to be level or next to this IWorse than a nightmare, you don't have to sleep a winFlashbacks interfere, ya start to hear: / The R-A-K-IThen the beat is hysterical That makes Eric go get Soon the lyrical format is superior / Faces of death MC's decaying, cuz they never stayed The scene of aThe fiend of a rhyme on the mic that you know It's Melodies-unmakable, pattern-unescapable / A horn if wI bless the child, the earth, the gods and bomb the rHazardous to your health so be friendly / A matter ofShake 'till your clear, make it disappear, make the nIf not, my soul'll release! / The scene is recreated,Cuz your about to see a disastrous sight / A performaLyrics of fury! A fearified freestyle! The "R" is iMake sure the system's loud when I mention / Phrases You want to hear some sounds that not only pounds butThen nonchalantly tell you what it mean to me StricAnd I don't care if the whole crowd's a witness! I'Program into the speed of the rhyme, prepare to startMusical madness MC ever made, see it's Now an emergOpen your mind, you will find every word'll be FuriBattle's tempting...whatever suits ya! For words thYou think you're ruffer, then suffer the consequencesI wake ya with hundreds of thousands of volts / Mic-tNovocain ease the pain it might save him If not, ErYo Rakim, what's up? / Yo, I'm doing the knowledge, EWell, check this out, since Norby Walters is our agenKara Lewis is our agent, word up / Zakia and 4th and Okay, so who we rollin' with then? We rollin' with RuCheck this out, since we talking over This def beat I wanna hear some of them def rhymes, you know what IThinkin' of a master plan / 'Cuz ain't nuthin' but swSo I dig into my pocket, all my money is spent So ISo I start my mission, leave my residence Thinkin' I need money, I used to be a stick-up kid / So I thinI used to roll up, this is a hold up, ain't nuthin' fBut now I learned to earn 'cuz I'm righteous I feelSearch for a nine to five, if I strive / Then maybe ISo I walk up the street whistlin' this Feelin' out A pen and a paper, a stereo, a tape of Me and Eric Fish, which is my favorite dish But without no mone'Cuz I don't like to dream about gettin' paid / So I So now to test to see if I got pull / Hit the studio,Rakim, check this out, yo You go to your girl house'Cause my girl is definitely mad 'Cause it took us Yo, I hear what you're saying / So let's just pump thAnd count our money Yo, well check this out, yo EliTurn down the bass down And let the beat just keep And we outta here / Yo, what happened to peace? / Pea